{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Run Get_Data.ipynb first to get the data from stockcharts. You\'92d need to add in your stock symbols in the list called stocks50. \
\
Then run MainModule.ipynb. You have to first specify your output file name by changing the variable outfile. Then in the list called files, you have to specify what csv files you want to read into the MainModule (which are the output csv files you just got from Get_Data.ipynb).\
Once that runs, you now have a csv file that contains the Point and Figure rating as well as the SMA rating for all of your stocks you specified in Get_Data.ipynb.\
\
Now if you wanted to run a simulated buy and sell on certain ratings you can do that with BuySellTesting.ipynb. Just read in your csv output file from MainModule.ipynb. You can then specify when ratings you\'92d want to buy and sell as well as specify how many shares you want to buy and what your buying fees are. \
Note: A possible small bug occurs if you already have ran this on an output csv file and you try to run it again with the same file, you may get an empty data frame as your results. But an easy fix would be to just delete that file before running BuySellTesting.ipynb.\
\
}